Create Elastic OpenTelemetry Collector docs (#1)
elastic/opentelemetry: docs/manual-configuration.md

# Manually configure the collector

> Collecting logs and host metrics with the Elastic Distribution for the OpenTelemetry Collector without using the [guided onboarding](docs/guided-onboarding.md) requires some manual configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collecting logs and host metrics with the Elastic Distribution for the OpenTelemetry Collector without using the [guided onboarding](guided-onboarding.md) requires some manual configuration.
```

## Before you begin
The onboarding has the following requirements and limitations:

> - The **Admin** role or higher is required to onboard system logs and metrics. To learn more, refer to <DocLink slug="/serverless/general/assign-user-roles" />.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **Admin** role or higher is required to onboard system logs and metrics. To learn more, refer to [Assign user roles and privileges](https://www.elastic.co/docs/current/serverless/general/assign-user-roles).

```

- Root privileges on the host are required to run the OpenTelemetry collector used in this quickstart.

> - The collector only work on Kubernetes, Linux, and MacOS systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The collector only works on Kubernetes, Linux, and MacOS systems.

```

- Refer to [Elastic OpenTelemetry Collector limitations](collector-limitations.md) for known limitations when using the Elastic Distribution for the OpenTelemetry collector.

## Collect your logs and metrics

To manually configure the collector, gather the following information:

- **Your Elasticsearch endpoint**: From the help menu in Kibana or your serverless Observability project, select **Connection details** and copy the **Elasticsearch endpoint**.
- **API key**:

>    - **Kibana:** From the help menu, select **Connection details** and select **Create and manage API keys**. From the **API keys** page, select **Create API key**. Give your API key a name, select **Create API key**, and copy the new API key.

Reviewer: By the "help menu" do you mean the 🛟 icon? If yes, I don't see "Connection details" as an option.

Author: Not sure which icon you put because it's showing up like this:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fbce0ac4-4e51-47b2-83e1-d6aaf23b87ad)

But I mean this icon:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cabd56f5-acfe-435c-b85e-fd941380be6a)

Would probably work better if I put the actual icon.

   - **Serverless:** From the help menu, select **Connection details** and select the **API key** tab. Give your API key a name, select **Create API key**, and copy the new API key.

> The following steps guide you through manually configuring the Elastic OpenTelemetry Collector to collect logs and metrics on a MacOS or Linux system:

Reviewer: Maybe simplify? 

```suggestion
Then manually configure the Elastic OpenTelemetry Collector to collect logs and metrics on a MacOS or Linux system:
```

> 1. Download and extract the standalone Elastic Agent for your platform. For more on downloading and extracting a standalone Elastic Agent, refer to the first step on [Install standalone Elastic Agents](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/install-standalone-elastic-agent.html).

Reviewer: ?

```suggestion
1. Download and extract the standalone Elastic Agent for your platform. For more on downloading and extracting a standalone Elastic Agent, refer to the first step in [Install standalone Elastic Agents](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/install-standalone-elastic-agent.html).

```

1. From the Elastic Agent base directory, go to the `otel_samples` directory. The `platformlogs_hostmetrics.yml` file has the configurations for the receivers, processors, and exporters needed to collect logs and host metrics.

> 1. Copy the content of the `platformlogs_hostmetrics.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the content of the `platformlogs_hostmetrics.yml` file.
```
